.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

Please check if what you want to add to `awesome-go` list meets [quality standards](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#quality-standard) before sending pull request. Thanks!

**Please provide package links to:**

- github.com repo:
- godoc.org:
- goreportcard.com:
- coverage service link ([gocover](http://gocover.io/), [coveralls](https://coveralls.io/) etc.)


Very good coverage

**Note**: that new categories can be added only when there are 3 packages or more.

**Make sure that you've checked the boxes below before you submit PR:**
- [ ] I have added my package in alphabetical order.
- [ ] I have an appropriate description with correct grammar.
- [ ] I know that this package was not listed before.
- [ ] I have added godoc link to the repo and to my pull request.
- [ ] I have added coverage service link to the repo and to my pull request.
- [ ] I have added goreportcard link to the repo and to my pull request.
- [ ] I have read [Contribution guidelines](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribution-guidelines), [maintainers note](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#maintainers) and [Quality standard](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#quality-standard).

Thanks for your PR, you're awesome! :+1:

Commit message:

Replace godoc.org with pkg.go.dev in contributing guideline

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

Please check if what you want to add to `awesome-go` list meets [quality standards](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#quality-standard) before sending pull request. Thanks!

**Please provide package links to:**

- github.com repo:
- pkg.go.dev:
- goreportcard.com:
- coverage service link ([codecov](https://codecov.io/), [coveralls](https://coveralls.io/), [gocover](http://gocover.io/) etc.)


Very good coverage

**Note**: that new categories can be added only when there are 3 packages or more.

**Make sure that you've checked the boxes below before you submit PR:**
- [ ] I have added my package in alphabetical order.
- [ ] I have an appropriate description with correct grammar.
- [ ] I know that this package was not listed before.
- [ ] I have added pkg.go.dev link to the repo and to my pull request.
- [ ] I have added coverage service link to the repo and to my pull request.
- [ ] I have added goreportcard link to the repo and to my pull request.
- [ ] I have read [Contribution guidelines](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribution-guidelines), [maintainers note](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#maintainers) and [Quality standard](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#quality-standard).

Thanks for your PR, you're awesome! :+1:
